I just watched a video a best lucielle
and the funny thing about this guy it's
a it's him criticizing anonymous for the
voiceless right about their masks and
where the the meaning of the mask came
from anyway and all this sort of and
that they should take the mask off and
he's just gone through all this [ __ ]
and he's so offended because they won't
talk to him and bla bla the funny thing
about this guy is uh and I've said this
in other videos before he and I cut
phanom why people think he's actually
really smart just thought I'd just all
challenge that guy anytime to a live
debate and I'll smoke him I will [ __ ]
smoke that guy in any debate about this
topic or the topics that I've made
videos about now in this in this thing
he talks about how you know they're
wrong about the mask they need to take
him off and blah blah and all this sort
of [ __ ] many he references that they he
goes you used to be cult late the
followers of Durham Ryder and blah blah
and then references this and saying
years were wrong you know you don't
follow him now because you use were
wrong then and honest critique trying to
help use and critique is out of that
situation and he says [ __ ] like that
it's like so you can't be friends with
someone that friend does start and [ __ ]
and then you go that guy's a [ __ ] it
I'll might be friends with him anymore
mmm I remember once someone being really
good friends with vague and Chater are
you still friends with vague and shader
now I basically CL
look for bad things to happen to bad
stuff Cheeta
do you ever ask yourself that question
because all you are now is a thing more
Cheeta you make your living you earn
your living through slander and
defamation and you know that why play
the losing card like Cheeta Cheeta you
are a fake you asked me above use the
term fake vegan it's used to describe
people like you because you're a
parasite on this movement you're not
making a positive contribution you're
doing your little bit to exploit and
destroy the man you are a fake I'll tell
you because it explains you cheetah
explains why you're a fake vegan if you
want to say I'm worse than during right
I mean you're entitled to your opinion
but let me tell you the difference in
human during my when during writer says
that he cured Crohn's disease he
actually believes that when de rain
writer says that his weight loss advice
will change your life and will cure your
mental disorders and help you overcome
schizophrenia he believes that he's
speaking with conviction and you cheetah
do not even have that quality you're a
fraud and a fake and you are the lowest
rung of fake vegan cheetah I know you I
knew you back in the day you talked to
me after your mom died etc we used to be
tight what you're doing now it's
corrosive it's fake it's bad for the
movement and it's even bad for you know
so it's a shoe this is this is why
people that people that actually follow
him and think he's smart get sucked in
by these dumb [ __ ] that he pulls and
people that this is why I loved growing
up in the music industry and in the taro
industry because you meet a lot of
people and you work out how people work
very quickly and you know in it for me
that was a bonus because it helped me
grow you know to the purpose of you know
he talked about how anonymous for the
voices mask is offensive because the the
original group that used it are a
terrorist group in blah blah and I say
to them I say to him it works because
and just I'll just address for a sec but
because that mask if you think that 99%
of those people I reckon about 99% of
those people that walk past that cube
don't even know what the [ __ ] that mask
is about don't know where the [ __ ] that
mask came from they just sit and go well
it's a [ __ ] strange looking mask it
draws them in right you talk about would
they use a Hitler mask I think using a
Hitler masters the same thing it would
draw people and go why the [ __ ] are
these people wearing Hitler masks and
then they see actually it's the same
thing as if someone's screaming at you
and you can't get their attention you go
and you slap them and then instantly go
we want your attention for just one
moment because of this establishment and
because of establishments like my little
girl's name is snow and every time you
see someone eating somebody else's eggs
or somebody else's body you are going to
remember her name
this isn't food it's violent they stop
and stare at you it's a slap in the face
and then you get their attention that
mask does the same [ __ ] thing
it works the reason why they don't
[ __ ] listen to you [ __ ] is because
you are so stupid that you don't realize
it's working and you think it offends
more people that it's then it's helping
you're wrong and you hate it you hate
that these people that you think are
stupid you've called Joey stupid many
times and you call
bashira
but as well but they aren't stupid
they're smart they're street smart and
the thing is what they're doing is
working and you could never do something
like that because you're too stupid and
I could [ __ ] cut you down in a
conversation any [ __ ] time but you
wouldn't debate someone who's streetwise
because you wouldn't have a [ __ ]
chance so [ __ ] you a baseless here
because what have you done for the
movement absolute [ __ ] all because your
audience is other people who hate you
and watch you [ __ ] people watch and
laugh at you or there are the minority
of vegans that minut minut part of those
vegans that book readers just like vegan
gains and all these other [ __ ] nerd
book [ __ ]
not that you're a [ __ ] but if you if you
read a book but what I mean is that they
think they're more intelligent than
someone that isn't like them because
they don't read books this is my thing
right there's different forms of
expression and there's different forms
it's like me right you you writing to
them you're like we're a bit listen to
me and you get so butthurt because
people don't like you because you think
you're so intelligent man who's just put
out a new record and there's one song I
know I can't stand and I keep pestering
guy you need to take that record off
it's a fancy you are an idiot a [ __ ]
idiot
you are so dumb and you hate it when you
think the people who are dumber than you
at getting [ __ ] done
go [ __ ] yourself mate you are dumb
[Music]